README.md, before:

# CopyList

A simple web app for visually tracking and resolving image-based bugs or issues.

## Example

![Example board](/resources/example.png)

## Features

- Paste (Ctrl+V) or drag-and-drop images onto the board
- Each image appears as a card with a "Resolved" button
- Click an image to view it larger in a modal
- Mark images as resolved to move them to the bottom, gray them out, and show a checkmark
- Designed for visual bug hunting and review workflows

## Quick Start

Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/halldorvalberg/CopyList.git
cd CopyList
```

Launch the app:

Open `index.html` directly in your browser. That’s it—no build step, no server, no extra setup.

## How to Use

**Add Images**

- Paste (Ctrl+V) screenshots directly into the board
- Or drag-and-drop image files into the browser window

**Review & Resolve**

- Click any image to view it larger in a modal
- Click "Resolved" to mark the issue as complete

**Repeat as Needed**

- Keep adding and resolving images throughout your QA cycle

## Tech Stack

- HTML5 + Vanilla JavaScript
- Lightweight CSS (no frameworks)
- Zero dependencies

## Use Cases

- Visual bug tracking for frontend teams
- UX audit reviews with stakeholders
- Lightweight QA for static sites or screenshots
- Walkthroughs and team retrospectives involving UI/UX artifacts
- Use in combination with your favorite screenshot tool for quick turnaround
- Great when working in remote teams over screen-shares or async QA flows

Commit message:

Add badges to README for license, status, build technology, and launch instructions

README.md, after:

# CopyList

![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
![Status: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen)
![Built with: Vanilla JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20with-Vanilla%20JS-blue)
![Open in Browser](https://img.shields.io/badge/Launch-Open%20index.html%20📂-lightgrey)


A simple web app for visually tracking and resolving image-based bugs or issues.

## Example

![Example board](/resources/example.png)

## Features

- Paste (Ctrl+V) or drag-and-drop images onto the board
- Each image appears as a card with a "Resolved" button
- Click an image to view it larger in a modal
- Mark images as resolved to move them to the bottom, gray them out, and show a checkmark
- Designed for visual bug hunting and review workflows

## Quick Start

Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/halldorvalberg/CopyList.git
cd CopyList
```

Launch the app:

Open `index.html` directly in your browser. That’s it—no build step, no server, no extra setup.

## How to Use

**Add Images**

- Paste (Ctrl+V) screenshots directly into the board
- Or drag-and-drop image files into the browser window

**Review & Resolve**

- Click any image to view it larger in a modal
- Click "Resolved" to mark the issue as complete

**Repeat as Needed**

- Keep adding and resolving images throughout your QA cycle

## Tech Stack

- HTML5 + Vanilla JavaScript
- Lightweight CSS (no frameworks)
- Zero dependencies

## Use Cases

- Visual bug tracking for frontend teams
- UX audit reviews with stakeholders
- Lightweight QA for static sites or screenshots
- Walkthroughs and team retrospectives involving UI/UX artifacts
- Use in combination with your favorite screenshot tool for quick turnaround
- Great when working in remote teams over screen-shares or async QA flows
